it's the simple things in life we take
for granted such as diapers for a child
that become a major issue in times of
Crisis the prices of diapers are
ridiculous imagine each diaper change
for your son will cost you around $1 you
must change him at least four times in
12 to 15 hours in 24 hours he needs five
to six diapers a child costs you around
$5 a day especially in a bad situation
like this the prices are high and people
have no income there isn't even
aid for the people of Gaza life has
become about surviving each day finding
food water basic hygiene products
everything has become more expensive and
few can afford it and I do not buy
diapers I find pieces of material and
use them for her what can I do diapers
are so expensive my husband is
unemployed so where would I get them
from the United Nations says around 1.7
million Palestinians have been forced
from their homes many live in tents with
no access to basic sanitation the
organization estimates there is one
shower for 2,000 people and around 500
people have to share a single toilet
it's a ticking Health Time
Bomb what has recently appeared on the
scene is Hepatitis A and the infection
resulted from densely populated places
due to the war and displaced people
living in tense with Israeli attacks
intensifying inun in southern Gaza more
people are forced to move to Rafa in the
most southern area of the strip from
there however there is nowhere else to
go Stephanie Decker Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer